I rely on this thing that was originally mine
I'll sell it to him now for 500 bucks.
No wonder he knew the pen holder was a copy
He also went to buy
It turned out that his real goal was this wine
Ouch, it's really killing me
Hou Lao, this thing is worthless if you haven't seen it before
Then Yang Min loses.
This this fart
Zhou Ding Yi out
Not only fills a void in our country's history
It also proved the existence of a dynasty
Is that what money can measure?
Shut up if you don't fall
Hahaha
This is the ultimate dream of playing old and never seen again.
The ancients died when they heard about it
And I saw this thing today.
Even if I were to die
Hahaha, don't be so unreasonable.
Boy, I put away my previous prejudice against you
You can send the Kowloon tripod as a longevity mother.
My old man should be grateful to you